al al
[Music]
Ok here we Go the
fin here perform for you if you know
the words you can join to put your hands
Together if you Clap as takey [
Music]
Kong He's leader of the bunch you know
him well He's Finally back to Kick some ta
his Coconut gum can Fire And sps If
he shoots you It's gna hurt He's bigger
faster and stronger too He's the First
member of the d Crew
Donkey Kong is
here Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is
[Music]
Donkey Kong is here dkey
Kong got so Listen up toink size
to suit her m She's quick and
When She needs to be She can flo through
the air and climate up tre if you choose
her not choose wrong sk
[Music]
[Applause]
h's Donkey Kong is
here Donkey
Kong Kong is he has no Style he has no
Grace has fun Face he can hand
when he needs to and Arms out Just
for you inflate himself  just like a
balloon this Crazy Just
[Music]
dikey Donkey Kong is
here Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is here
[Music]
donke
Kong
[Music]
Kong donke Kong He's Back Again and
about Time To This time He's in the mo
he can fly real with his Jet with his
pistols out He's One tough he'll Make
You Smile when he Plays his Tun but klin beware
cuse He's after
you Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong iskey
[Music]
Donkey Kong is here Finally He's here
for you  It's The Last member of the dk
Crew this Kong so strong it isn't funny
can make a klin Cry out for mumy can't
pick up aer with relative ease makes crushing
Rocks seem such a bree he move
Slow he can't jump but
this Hell Of A gu Come on cranky take it
to the
fridge walnuts
peut
smells melons oranges and Coconut shell
oh yeah walnuts peut
smell Mel oranges and Coconut shell
walnuts peut pineapple  smells grapes
melons oranges and Coconut shell yeah
Walnut peut pineapple smell
[Music]
T
[Applause] [
Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Sparkle
Oh
[Music]
y
ok
[Applause]
[Music]
B
Oh
[Music]
ev
k
[Music]
[Applause]
w
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
w
do
[Music]
P he he he
ye [
Music]
y
[Music]
w
B
[Music]
Ok pew pe here we Go
the here per for you if you know the
words
you put your hands if
you as we take you through this Monkey
[Music]
K He's the leader of the bunch you  know
him well He's Finally back to ki some
his Coconut gum can and sps If he shoots
It's G hur He's bigger faster and
stronger too He's the First member of
the d
Crew Donkey Kong is here
d Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong iskey
[Music]
this got St so Listen up She can shrink
in size to suit her She quick and When
She needs to be She can float through
the air and Climb up tre if you choose
her not choose wrong with a skip and a H
She's cool
[Music]
Donkey
[Applause]
[Music]
Kong Donkey Kong is here
d Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is here he has no Style he has no
Grace has a funny Face he can
handstand when he needs to and stretch
his Arms out Just for you
himself like a bon this
[Music]
craun Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is
here Donkey
[Music]
Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong
iske
[Music]
Kong Donkey Kong  He's Back Again and
about and this He's in the Mo
real H with Jet G with his pistols out
he tough he'll Make you smile when he hits
his Tun but klin beware He's after
you Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is
here Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is here
He's here for you It's the last member
of the dk Crew this so strong it isn't funny
can make ain Cry out for mmy can't pick up a
boulder with relative ease
makes crushing rocks seem such a breeze he
may move slow he can't jump high but
this hell of ay Come on cranky take it
to the
fridge walnuts peanuts pineapple smells grapes melons
oranges and coconut shell
Oh walnuts peut pineapple
smells melons orang
[Music] You
'll forgive me you'll forgive me
but this live show has been a little
improvised this live show has been a little
improvised because I was going to
telesalseo and then at night I was going to
come over here to play with you and
all that stuff but it's getting
really, really, really messed up
here at the salsería and now  you know that
every day Well, I'm giving priority
priority to what's necessary and then you
throw it in my face it's not that you've
abandoned us son of a [ __ ] and it's like no eh
No, I mean no no I've never abandoned us it
just depends on the topic okay the thing
is that on top of that Today there's a video on the
main channel that I don't know what time it comes on I do
n't know what time the video will be on the Main
Channel but today there's a video
eh on the main channel so what
I'll do I'm going to see if I have time to deal with
the three urgent issues that we have here
and go to telesalseo like
at 11 I'm going to try I don't promise
anything I'm going to
try I'm going to try what an
exclusive what an exclusive we had on
Twitter today eh what an exclusive we had
on Twitter today
eh but it's that I just got in I just just got me just got
a microphone just gave me a microphone A
Microphone a microphone scare okay because I
saw this
verified and I thought it was dog
Sanchez I thought it was dog Sanchez
you know the [ __ ] I saw it verified here
in the tab and I say what  damn is this
Pedro Sanchez talking to me eh What do you
want man What do you want
man what's this move you know no no no no
But hey watch eh watch eh we've made
a mess today how is Twitter coming out
clear because it's a pretty important exclusive
eh it's a pretty pretty
important exclusive mondongo mondongo mondongo
mondongo I'll comment on it later on
telesalseo
Oh really people Oh really
people Oh if I have to have time
after going to telesalseo
total mondongo eh total mondongo Oh I'm going to
tell the Editor
we're really stressed eh The
truth is I'm really stressed and I don't
like being like this I like to be
calm I like to be
calm okay let's go step by
step let's go step
by step Because it's gotten really complicated
and I'm going to be very sincere eh And this is
a really
big gossip I'm going to be very sincere and this is
a really big gossip what has just gotten
complicated
Eh
well it's just gotten really complicated I
think this is probably one of the
gossip or one of the beginnings of the
biggest gossip that there will be this
year because there is still a lot of
information behind it that is not known, I
know some information but since I
have no way of contrasting it and there are things
that are
very strong and very delicate I will never dare to tell you myself and you know that I normally tend to take risks but of course the fact is that behind here there are many very strong things family problems rolls and very big moves that for you to understand me eh Pet in ptit comité in
Pet not even in petit comité eh I mean
because there are many things that are known
things for example about Gemita
many things are known not many horns many problems
many rolls okay And they are known in
the in the youtuber environment but then they
are things that nobody tells the public no
but here there are things about rebor that
Juan knows that only Juan and a
very small circle of people know and they are
very strong things now I will tell you where
the shots are going okay And then rebor also
knows some things about Juan but
surely not as much as what I
think it is  Okay Eh rebor is going to be like you
're a cuckold I don't know what and I don't
know how much it's worth now well
rebor I could know some very
strong things that let's see maybe it's not
that strong of Juan as such but
Juan is involved Surely you have
heard me on some occasion say I know
things not the typical phrase no that
many youtubers say I know things no well
Around here anything can explode Around here
anything can explode okay Because also
the atmosphere is very warm
[Music]
eh And it can get messy okay then on the other
hand we have Mister jager
[Music]
who has been hired by
Spanish television in my
country television very close to the government and
of course he is deleting a lot of things
that we
have is deleting a lot of things that we have
okay very disgusting things
for which this guy let's go I would have
known and there would have been funa at the evening of the
year also obviously You're going to
freak out You're going to freak out You're going to freak out
Okay family let's start with the
main reason why I
had to see the  obligation to open
live much earlier than
usual in fact I have to tell you that
I have canceled the live that I had on
telesalseo for you if I have time
I will go to telesalseo when I finish this one
if I finish it's around 11 or something like that I'm
going to telesalseo later because I
have some things to comment on there that are
also quite interesting no but
well it's that something really bad has just happened
on Squid Games they have thrown out
the Squid Games because it's
gotten really bad
Okay this This is so that you all know
the
beginning the
beginning of one of the
biggest gossip shows of this year and next year
because when they start to
bring up things that I am some what
happens is that they are such delicate and
strong things and apart from that the
protagonists are going to deny them they
are not things that can be proven some
yes they can be proven no but they are
such strong and delicate things that you know
that I who take the plunge well I wouldn't
dare to tell them in a live show and to
give that exclusive I would have to have it let's
go in another way tied up okay  I'm going to
put you in a little bit of context And you already
know that last night it was announced that Rebor
was a participant in the
Squid Games in Minecraft series by Auron Play
by Comanche and Rubius what's
happening well that some clips have gone viral
in which Rebor signed that he would not
participate that he does not want to suck ass
that he does not share space with people
who have done
indecent things Look I have to say
several things I don't know if I'm going to have time
to address it today but this year in the
Squid Game there are several people who have
done
very detestable things the other day
they kicked someone out the other day they kicked someone out
well there's Jager himself who is coming
out Today a lot of things that he's
trying to eliminate because he starts his
work on television it will be an extract
that I will record after this one
and and what Jager does is tremendous, messing
with Marta del Castillo in a
disgusting and repulsive way we actually have
a gameover that you can see Game Over
roldier Where there's a guy we also
canceled him for a series of
similar things But anyway we have it  everything eh
everything that is being deleted we have it and
more that people are sending me
by email
and The Movida is that apart from that in The
Squid Games of this year there is a
guy this extract if I have time if I have
time in this live I will take it out okay
because there is a guy
who is accused
of harassment and sexual abuse and he is today in
The
Squid Games okay this is very strong there is a
guy who is also there is a youtuber
that you all know who is
accused of
gender violence of course evidently we will have to
wait for a judge to speak or for the
procedure to go ahead to see eh
if they charge him or not but here
what they tell me is that there is a guy in
The Squid Games who is accused
and accused of harassment and
sexual abuse also here from what they are
telling me everyone knows Okay then I will
comment on this now in another extract
most likely but of
course there are many people who have been
shocked by the rebor announcement there
Juan The annihilator has commented on this
announcement and says I only know that they are going to
slap me making reference to you
know  the other rebor explosion where he
said something about Juan
guison this tweet from Juan guarnizo
saying this is commented on by a
Random person the biggest [ __ ] was missing
this one forgot how he moved his tail and to
things so that his master sees that he
is on his side or he already forgot the
unfollow he gave to rebor when he
went on vacation Oh Juan there is a lot of
[ __ ] behind but the bully I don't know
nobody can take it away from you beds not little
beds to which Juan responds in fact I
stopped following him at the time because I
found out about several very
unpleasant things that he has done things that he
will live in fear that one day they will come to
light
a hug to all of you who is good
this is a threat from Juan this is a
veiled threat to bring up things not that he
has things about rebor as for rebor to
say host be careful what he brings up something about me
no later when everyone started
talking to him again I waited until I coincided
at some event Well this you I can't
read it all because they sent it to me
but well it appears rebor let's
see I think I know what  what
Juan is referring to I think I know what
Juan is referring to about
things that he has heard Juan from
Rebor that are very
unpleasant, which well would be
very strong if they are the same things that
reached me, not only am I telling you that they
are very, very, very
strong, too
strong, but they will also
splash
on several people so Juan would not
tell it, that is what I believe
and just as I tell you that I have to
tell you one
thing, just as I tell you that I have to
tell you one thing either. I trust the
person who is telling that, okay?
Why? Because it is a person who, well, I have
seen them appear in some chats,
eh, lying to the other
person's face, making accusations against another
person, anyway, it is a person who must be
taken. I don't know if that is true
or a lie, yes, it is true that they are
rumors about Rebor with another
person that there are many mouths
telling them, okay. But well,
if I am honest, I take the information
with a grain of salt.
Rebor appears and Juan
guarnizo answers. What's up, horns now  that you
know so much start talking but before that
take other people's dicks out of your mouth you [ __ ]
cuckold with sense this is
true, I mean, cuckold with sense is
true okay, I mean, the thing about the
cuckolds I confirm here okay and I've
told you that this is known and this is
absolutely confirmed Okay, so this isn't a
rumor it's just that there are a lot of people who are
telling me that if Dasas or I have to
find proof of this and of course I don't have to
find proof of this I
'm telling you that I know it, I know it, let's go, I
know it in detail and the details
are worse, I've said it many times
the details are worse and it leaves me, I don't know if it
leaves it worse Ar and or Juan trust what I'm telling you
okay, the thing about you acting like a saint when
you're a piece of [ __ ] who's done
everything on the internet and in private is something to
study, Auron's brother supporting
Juan Warnon, well, someone who knows
what I carry around with me every day and that my problem
with that man is not the internet, [ __ ]
So here Auron's brother
is confirming the information that I
know,
eh, buf
buf  let's see this I think
that I think that we all more or less don't
know and where the shots can go do
n't you remember when Lina is not without
fear or not afraid It's that I can't I do
n't have that information tied to me
the same information has reached me the
protagonists have denied it to me but this
information
man do you remember that you
remember
that
[ __ ] uncle Sur eliminated Don't tell me
warlo [ __ ] the mother who
gave birth to him you will remember
that two things come to my head
okay it comes to my head that
Auron at the time said that Rebor
was a person to have The further
away the
better that she is a person who is not
trustworthy and that she is a
traitorous person that The further away the
better
buah and then I also know that it comes to my
mind how stupid Auron has been
Play truth that they have cheated on him
and even having cheated on him I
wanted to continue continued continued
continued with a person that I had known for
three months no I mean imagine how
stupid Auron is in that
sense then I'm afraid that this  it's going to
explode eh I'm afraid this is going to
explode but very very very big
I
would invite Rubén from here to a chat I know that I
know that I'm not the favorite of
Auron's relatives I don't know why Because
the truth is sincerely I believe that there are no
reasons But well I understand that he
has his reasons but from here I invite
Auron's brother to come to the
salsería to have a chat with me I
would love Here drinking some
bottles the truth is that I would love
if this reaches him Well here he has the
doors
open
and maybe he will cause trouble and get banned Well we are
on
YouTube we are on YouTube rebor says
Why don't you start talking too
by the way I did you the favor of not
reporting you at the time because
your little brother asked me to start talking they're going
to drop a lot of surprises with evidence of
course when rebor points with evidence
[ __ ] But this was worth it very big eh
Look I'm going to tell you the truth of what's
going to happen here
okay What's
behind I'm going to tell you the truth eh what's
behind all this is very very
strong what he knows
Rebor's brother is very very very
strong very very very very strong and what
Rebor knows about
Juan is very strong too, I haven't
wanted to know him on many
occasions, I haven't wanted to know him.
Okay so if one of the two takes the
step the other is going to take the other step and
both things are going to come out, both what is
known about Rebor that we didn't know and that at the
time when I don't understand
is why Auro makes peace with Rebor with
everyone and then nothing comes out. Just
direct comments about roosters. Well, I don't know what to
tell you because of course, let's see, Leonia, that
normally happens
a lot, but of course. The fact is that here we are
facing a
situation where every two weeks, every three
weeks, every time, every less time, okay,
because before it was every 6 months, but the thing is
that every time, every less time, every time they get
hooked and
the balloon inflates a little more, the balloon inflates a little
more and there comes a time when
the balloon is going to burst and when it bursts,
I tell you, do you remember, do you
remember, from the war time, come out
ceril do you remember that time when
eh they were
canceling
auron,
wismichu got involved, Dallas got involved do you remember
all those big big big times
of
gossip this according to the information that I
have that I know the things that
both of them know this far exceeds I'm
going to tell you like this look I'm
really telling you eh And get this clip
for Twitter eh get this clip for
Twitter because I'm not exaggerating I'm not
exaggerating
remember look I'm going to give you several
examples video of wismichu to Dallas in
2017 no no pure smoke nothing is worth it take
this clip take this clip please take
this clip Send it to me on WhatsApp okay
okay take this clip from now on and
send it to me on WhatsApp Okay and I'm
telling you without exaggerating eh I'm telling you without
exaggerating this is a balloon that is
inflating little by little
this is a balloon that is inflating
little by
little and each time less time before  they would
hook up and throw
knives at each other every six months every four okay
And Auron was behind like management
Auron is always putting out fires this
happens eh this I know perfectly well what
goes on behind the camera and this happens
okay Auron goes putting out fires putting out a
fire here putting out a fire there and
this happens many times even when
I've been involved okay
but of course the atmosphere is very tense
Auron's brother knows what
Rebor has done do you remember Auron saying uff
rebón The further back I don't know do you remember that it's
not worth it And
Auron's brother also knows He knows about Juan
Guarnizo you know about Juan Guarnizo that
on one occasion I was about to
explode Well he knows that eh Rubén knows it
okay if one of the two takes the first step
the other will also take it and we're going to
know so much this that changes everything
okay this that changes everything about Rebor
changes the whole story about Rebor
changes many things eh about Rebor
changes many things it changes many things
when it is known if  you know one day
Juan's thing will also change everything man
Juan's thing is impressive both
things Look I'm going to tell you one thing Okay
and I'm not selling smoke because I
don't have to sell it because I don't
control if this can happen or not
happen I could also go ahead and tell you
the two exclusives and [ __ ] off I'm
also telling you but I can't okay it's
too delicate and
both pieces of
information are too strong Okay but I think it's going to
burst why Because this balloon is
inflating inflating every time in less
time now they're getting hooked every
week almost
okay if these two get hooked if
this Trio gets hooked call it rebor
call it Aurum's brother and call it Juan
Guarnizo I
'm going to give you several examples do you
remember the gossip
in do you remember the gossip well 2017
when Win Michula is the Dallas video do you
remember that virality do you
remember
last year all the funa to
Aurom all the mess that Win got into
Michu got involved Felipe got
involved do you remember
that do you remember the Pambi gossip not
a few months ago just no no I don't know I'm
exaggerating When I say that if this
explodes the
shock to Kati
Vipi come come
come if this
explodes it
is the biggest [ __ ]
gossip that has
ever happened I'm not exaggerating Eh
I'm not exaggerating
at
all if this explodes it is the biggest [ __ ] no it's not
smoke it's not smoke at
all it's not smoke at all it's
very it changes absolutely everything eh
eh buah but it would absolutely change
relationships in the elite collaborations
surely many of the events that are held
today would stop being held
okay communities would break up I mean but of
course there are many interests behind here
for which probably
everything won't explode why Because the
World Cup will get complicated it will get complicated but come on World Cups and
never Better said
eh very very very tocho eh Very very very
tocho they are all false exactly they
are all false exactly that's why not to
fight exactly that's why not to fight
let's see what
[Music]
that  2021 all the [ __ ] at the
time stopped following me all the
[ __ ] at the time what they did
make the vacuum what happens is that you will see
the streamers a large part of them not
all of them logically have just enough to
not [ __ ] themselves and they forget
that the conversations are
saved and what they also don't think much about
are the dirty tricks they've done
throughout p Dallas for him to release it Dallas
doesn't
know well maybe maybe daras
knows what
[Music]
what Juan knows about rebor maybe
Dalas does
know that I have been attacked with everything this year
everything they all throw themselves in unison
throwing [ __ ] at me throwing chicks ind
directitos talk I know a lot of things
talk Go ahead I'm willing right now to
get on a call on
discord and let it start and for you to start
talking now
well in here in here there is a
[ __ ] catastrophe and they are going to fall like [ __ ]
Dominoes and I don't give a damn if
I'm alone in that you know why because I have
my [ __ ] principles and my
principles are not  lie eh it
's not a lie eh it gets very very very
long it gets very very very
long it's that I'm telling you, I mean
really when I say things no they
are not lies and you already know it gets very
very long at the level of labor relations of
events that would no longer be
done directly events would no longer be
done Why
Because there would be
a lot of blood there would be a lot of blood no no there would be a lot of blood and apart Come on we would all be like but how or I mean how what How that this person went to this event having this behind And this other person has this collaboration This video on his channel with this with this
situation it gets very big it would be
huge okay you're asking me in
the chat Javi What is more serious, the
rebor or Juan thing,
wow,
[ __ ] Yes here they are the two Cos, [ __ ] they are
very very strong they are very very very strong
eh buah it's that they are They are very
strong Very very very strong but
without limit I mean you can't imagine you ca
n't imagine To what
extent very very very very very very very very very very long
tocho that very very very very
long too much
too much but both I mean
you can't imagine or rather the most random and
crazy thing you can imagine would
go before sucking his dick and
sucking the dick of the streamers which I have
never done in my [ __ ] life ever on the
other hand there are scum out there who
simply have no scruples they have no
values ​​and they don't have a single
doubt in all honesty I think Look I'm
going to tell you something about about
each one's things
okay this based on my [ __ ] dick Eh
my [ __ ] in my [ __ ] thought eh
in H not to the truth in the matter of rebor I
mean what Juan knows or Juan would know about
rebor about rebor what
rebor implies I sincerely don't know if it
leaves rebor as bad
as the rest of those
involved That's why I think Juan wouldn't
tell it
but in the case of in the case of It's that
I think that in the case of rebor it's
worth what rebor did or what there is of
rebor I think that in that case it would not
imply falsehood on the part of rebor
well well well good
well well well clo P in trampling on others in order to scratch a few [ __ ] viewers That is the [ __ ] reality and in fact in case I had entered the squit you know what it would have been for what it would have been it would have been to tell them to their [ __ ]
face in the middle of the squid how shitty they are I
had to listen Ah mantado you don't have to
touch the tiger's balls speak tiger
many of you have been confused many of you
have been confused that my silence was out
of fear no my silence was mainly because I didn't want to screw anyone but now that you have all joined in single file like you did in 2021 to try to intimidate and make bom bom bom Boom this year you are going to suck my [ __ ] but in HD before you are going to
suck my [ __ ] I have kept quiet for a
long time out of respect out of respect
now I no longer keep quiet a [ __ ] [ __ ]
what the [ __ ] is Juan garnizo about The cuckold
the cuckold this [ __ ] guy giving
lessons on Twitter after all
the [ __ ] you've done after
all you've done you still have it
just for you to give lessons of something is
that they have told me horrible things
tell them now well careful Because I do
have proof and maybe that proof
does little things and I have the proof on
my [ __ ] phone and on my hard drive see
if you think I haven't been sharpening the
axe all [ __ ] year Kingman
you are a [ __ ] shitty fan Boy of the
streamers who do whatever the
[ __ ] you want to you, I mean literally Idol atris
scum That is the [ __ ] reality Idol atris to
pedophiles rapists Idol atris
to machists Idol atris Authentic
sexual depraved
psychological abusers physical abusers
idolaters authentic [ __ ] authentic
filth and I say it now and I'm going to say it
now all the people involved
Now I assume the responsibility that you
take it and start with the mambo of taking it
and saying until We have arrived and that
all the [ __ ] starts starts to float that
all the [ __ ] starts to float you
see me intimidated But what  [ __ ] do you
believe what the [ __ ] do you believe Juan
a [ __ ] Beta by the
book eh says fay tomorrow rebor will be
Banned from Twitch Yes what he's
doing is bannable obviously
yes yes yes yes man of course and apart from that
Juan is going to report him you know that Juan
reports consenting cuckold
consenting cuckold giving lessons of what I
live in fear I live in fear what I've been
doing for months is not saying
anything being my own person instead what I have to
put up with every now and then is indirect innuendos
as if
we were here in kindergarten
when I defended myself live because they
attacked me for my [ __ ] face let's not
forget they attacked me for my [ __ ]
face I defended myself and still I'm the
bad guy in the movie but it seems that
some of you forget some little things
like this
if you don't like them I have others kid you
have fallen into the most Absurd and
crude trap that you can throw in your face I
had no [ __ ] intention of
participating in the squ in fact I can
even prove it to you  on the [ __ ] discord they
ask for the username for the White I'm the one who
was with Raúl in 2015 I was in F in
2016 just so you know Rubén and Laura follow each other
on insta they insist that I meet
up with him again for
Gema what just happened in my [ __ ]
chat
what what just happened here we have a clip
of that please Well I'm going to try to get
back the super
chat that abduscan
just happened here let's see
wait I'm the one who was with Raúl in 2015
Cristina mailbox yes it's you of course I
know you and then she's on squid with
the same people
XD just so you know Rubén and Laura
follow each other on instagram they insist that we meet
up with him again for Gema
Cristina do you want to upload Of course I know
her Of course I
know her Of course I know
her I know who she is, let's be
great
God God God God
watch out that Auron also fell really in love
with Cristina
eh watch out that Auron fell really in love with Cristina it's that Auron
is very very in
love
eh he's very  lovelorn
lovelorn Yes yes and don't even cont don't
filter I don't give a damn I warned you at the
time you saw my name here I
keep sliding eh you can do it I
do it like this quickly so you can see at no
time at no time I have taken and I have
put myself here to ask for the [ __ ] Wi you
could delete I invite Comanche Auron and
Rubius So that they put the
audit log and see if I have deleted it or
not bullis show again that they do not
change proof of this What did
Juan do immediately b b b
Bom write [ __ ] Jacki write
[ __ ] man Jacki we could talk eh
about how you crawled at the time of
course when things were fixed and
such eh Suddenly you had a huge
interest an enormous interest in wanting to
get along very well with me Now that I am of
no use to you or we can talk about all
the times that you have been crying to me
because Auron and company did not invite you
to the little games they played What was I
telling you we can even go back to 2019
in Spin rp where I had to cover up all
the [ __ ]  [ __ ] that your father
constantly did protecting him man that you
confessed to me that you went to the psychologist that you
were wrong you were wrong and I was there
supporting you and despite that you spit
in my [ __ ] face If I were you my
[ __ ] face would fall in shame
honestly
Ugh it's coming strong we
still have this is a lo
buah it's coming strong And we still have
more a guy who hasn't done anything to you but
what happens is that you have [ __ ] in the corner of your
mouth
okay
[ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] it's
going to get really bad family I'm
telling you now eh just like I forgave
tanizen now let's get to it eh
Calm down calm down I have for
everyone eh in 2021 some beings to
call them somehow some beings
decided that it was a good idea to go
against me I invite you to put all
the tweets all the tweets where they have
put [ __ ] since 2021 surely if we
pull out the newspaper archives we will see who
is the one who is inflating the balls to
rebon for 4 years now despite
it I have kept quiet despite it I have
passed despite all this despite
all this nonsense What I have done is
kept quiet even so you do not stop you are embarrassing you are
embarrassing what is embarrassing is that you
idolize these people who are dedicated to
bullying on social networks and the
worst of all is that you are so imbeciles
that you play along with them and think that
this is something normal what about taking and
bullying a person for so
long just because you do not
know what the [ __ ] to invent Because that
is the reality you do not even know what the [ __ ] to
invent Well I challenge you To say
things If I am so horrible please
do it speak speak it does not scare me
at all really really is that
you thought that I was afraid of something
no no no no And wait because at the
time I changed my phone I have another
mobile phone with a bad one and I have a hard drive with
more I have to put up with them talking dirty behind
my back I have to put
up with things  that I shouldn't have
put up with and yet you're going to hold me
guilty guilty of what of having to
observe the rabble that's there I ask Is there
some mod I don't give a damn I don't care buah he's
completely unleashed
eh he's completely unleashed it's that
this girl the one who came out
This way is her
eh And also Raúl calls him important that
eh
when he told me about Gema it's so I
forget about Gema no Of course but the thing is that this
girl has left the super chat here she's gone I do
n't understand why she says everything
and then participates in the Sid with the
same people that he criticizes but the
squid games hasn't come
in because I think that all that
Twitter thing has been messed up before
no what's going on It's that I see very little
probability that this is a troll let's
see the only thing that is clear is that how do
I verify that this is a troll
no it's that I see very little probability
because who the hell today is going to
remember the name Cristina
and is going to write it like that with the x
Cristina which is very complicated that this
is a troll
eh it is  I find it very complicated that this
is a troll eh what do I do I don't tweet it
just in case it's her
kid it's her
kid Of course it's her She
's her in one go it's her
but let's go in one go no no no it's
her it's her it's her
kids those of the time we know
Eh for Gema he says for
Gema when he says for Gema I understand
how for him to forget her no
that it would seem very strange to me
eh Let's wait a second I do
n't know what to do dude I'm
going to put
supposed of course she doesn't talk to me
or anything I mean she came she put the
super
chat there the logical thing would be for her to
talk to me or
something I say
come on Ugh that girl It's like wine
glass of wine
says I prefer not to go live But
I needed to get this
out Cristina but can you talk to me
please on Instagram even if it's so
I can check that it's you the super
chat
really because
Of course in H no the truth is I have to
say that [ __ ]
hic a troll
it's an account created two days ago
dude it's an account created two days ago
dude I'm not going to tweet it dude whatever
God  want because it could be
a troll man
and our image is
worth a lot
man I think it is eh I think it is but it
seems very risky to me eh I think but
for No for nothing but because a person
suddenly now was going to come out of nowhere
mentioning Cristina correo about
what with that I don't know the truth it would
seem very strange to me but without proof
no way I don't stink at trolling
eh but without proof I don't dare to take it
eh see let the [ __ ]
who follow streamers who are [ __ ] degenerates okay keep barking let them keep barking they have taken out the squid well listen to me here What's there rapists pedophiles pedophiles there are cabin boys What else is there let me think Yes of course but you have gotten into the hos
of the
squid you could have come
out Lina Franco the one I
know false There are a lot of hypocrites
tody a little bit of everything in the real ones
believe and I literally just got
home they take me out and Look at my reaction
I am Wow  Oh my god there are people who say he's
hungry I have a [ __ ] kilo in the
bank do you really think I am H
brenton what I'm going to stop doing
is shut up I have to put up with all
this [ __ ] And on top of that I'm the bad guy
even when I ate so much hate in
2021 when Jackie for example did it to me
well that was in the middle I was
going I was not even able to
understand why I was going to be in
Marbella well I guess we all know
damn I wasn't in Marbella But
well Beyond that beyond that
my words were I consider that Jackie
well he did not have the
right words That was my response with a
raay of 880,000 people and I did not say anything I did not say
anything else I only said that
now they come to me as a moralist orstea that is
the issue is that today It seems that
being a bully is the best Idol atris
to people who prove to be a
[ __ ] bully And on top of that I applauded inciting
harassment is something that in
Twitch policies is totally prohibited despite that they
have  gone through
the balls I've even spoken to
Twitch and I said Hey is it normal that
Twitch allows this type of attitude in
participants in participants of an
official Twitch event rival well no
The answer is no The answer is No what what So
what did you expect that I was
just going to smile that you
were going to start putting shitty Twitter shitty
tweet trying to put me in a
grave you didn't understand I
took two months off
precisely for that to keep a
cool head and remember I've been surrounded
by [ __ ] I'm balls everyone
has a limit everyone has a
limit and I've already reached my limit it's that
simple So directly we have let's
see in fact I stopped
following him at the time because I found out about
several very unpleasant things that he has
done things that he will live in fear that
someone that one day will come to light take it out take it out
take And you take out the proof
you say a b c d take it out now we're not going to
blah blah blah now we're going to take out proof
okay let's start taking out proof
Juan Talk talk then when
everyone  he spoke to her again, that is to say you admit
that they are fake and you don't even
realize it I waited for him to talk to you all
when what happened happened
look guys what about Auron's supposed ex
why she hasn't tweeted again nothing has been
left up in the air I mean it was
fake Oh it was fake
eh it was
fake it was fake no So we do
n't dodge a bullet we dodge a
bullet we dodge a bullet but I'm
sticking with the thing eh Don't believe it Eh I'm
sticking with the thing but it's just that I find it very very very very strange man it seems
very
strange to me
man it's just that I find it very strange about
what we even coincided at some event in
this case tortillaland two to see if there
was any good chemistry or good treatment
And that's how it was that's what you believe or don't
you remember that in tortilla 2 in my [ __ ]
life I got together with you don't remember have
you forgotten that I that I [ __ ] and
simply have a cordial relationship
well Oh yeah What about n doesn't mean that I don't
give a [ __ ] and that I don't feel like
having treatment  with you
contrary to what you did
Precisely in 2021 before the famous
funa you lacked time when back
then I had 15,000 viewers to
talk to me privately and tell me Hey let's
do some gartics not those what
good words you had for me right
Like many others now that are
all bad words well a guy like you
with the history you have on the internet you
have harassed you have harassed to the max
And it's that there's no need for me to
pick up and take out my phone you just
take a look at your [ __ ]
history and it's that you have always been a
shitty bully you have always been but
well with what's happened in the last few
months it seems unbearable to me the last few
months let's see if I remember you posted a
tweet going against me for my [ __ ] face
I was calm minding my own business and you
posted a tweet attacking me and I replied
live and I said eh I don't know what you're doing
I consider that I have never had bad
words for you I have never said anything
bad about you ever and it's that [ __ ] with the
history behind it no  play the
saint don't play the saint because you know
a lot of things but you see you're not the only one
who knows a lot of things because in the end you
're all here blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah I
know a lot I know a lot I know a lot or the
clip of Ah yes if I start talking
2000 races forward Do it forward my
answer What's up horns since you
know so much start talking but first
Take everyone else's dick out of your mouth
Yes because you still have a little [ __ ]
here in the corner cuckold with a sense
of balls And you also know
perfectly well what I'm talking about you know it
but I don't know only I know a lot of
people How good between streamers is that
you play the saint when you're a piece
of [ __ ] is what you are that has done
everything on the internet and privately to
study it I'm so horrible show show
forward show on more than one
occasion I have wanted to take it and directly
answer more than one but there was always
a person who told me no
calm down such I don't know what don't do it no it's
not worth it they're like crillo bl you
know that  I'm telling you after all the
terrible advice I've had
for so long I've decided that
we're going back to what refers to
Auron okay whenever something happens Auron
is putting out the fire so that it doesn't get into trouble
when the brother when the mother is
getting into a fight too some
stuff like that you know always Auron goes goes
like putting out the fire he talks to one talks to
another talks you know he's trying to
Put out yes I don't know
trouble his day was normal And the thing is that when
at school they picked on you Well you
answered back you have
mistakenly thought that I would keep quiet no the
point is that I don't pay attention to you now as
for picking up and starting to say
stupid things I assure you and you're
going to swallow these words you'll swallow them you're
going to swallow them in a historic way
start talking and wait to see what
happens start I'm live if you want
answer live it bothers me
buah let's On the other hand family But
first remind you
that we are
at 40 members to reach
340 family members there are 2700 people here
Eh This is for  archive eh if we don't
reach 3000 members today it's time to
retire eh
This is to retire
eh next
part next
part a kiss Carla
gorgeous the part we're going to see
next is about rebor
exploding against
Juan and very strong eh very strong from
what they're telling me through the earpiece eh about auron and the squidward games about auron Look man you guys have me up to my neck with Mira it's that of course they're joking around auron's best friend auron's best friend well man I remember at the time when
everyone [ __ ] him up two calluses like
[ __ ] and instead I know something and
today I'm the bad guy this This is this be that
yes it's true what rebor is saying
here eh I mean I don't know if he's
auron's best friend or not but man yes they
all kept quiet you know what What's going on here
man [ __ ] it's that maybe I'm going to be
wrong it's that maybe I'm going to be
wrong man Look I'm going to give you my
impression  and that it stays recorded here
in case it happens or not but the thing is that I'm
tying up loose ends, man, things that you
obviously don't know
and the thing is that I think that's where things are going
man look what I think is that Juan
Guarnizo and some people in
Auron's entourage know or think they know something
really serious
and I think that this
thing and I think that this
thing doesn't have much truth to it and that it's been
made up by a
person who has been doing it many times
and I don't know how to say it man I do
n't know how to tell you
man but it's that I have the feeling
that this thing isn't
true it's that I have the feeling that
this thing either isn't true or it's exaggerated
extremely exaggerated
and what's happening is that there's a person
who, look at me, I'm going to say it like this
okay, to stir up trouble against Vín, has
been saying that
I think that's where things are going and
that's why this one is so calm and so
sure and that's why
Auron has made peace with this one because it
's not true because Auron has
realized that it's not true Although one
person has been saying it  let's
see the thing is that everyone stops
talking to rebor because of a
story that was said that rebor
had done to
auron suddenly auron talks to rebor
being so strong what was said
aurus puts it in his series after
all because of
this so what I'm
getting the impression is that and this one is
very sure because you realize that you shouldn't
know want it to be taken out
then it gives me the feeling that what
was said is a lie It's a lie
and it was made up by a person who
really yes yes that is a lie from that
person the truth is I would be
very angry If it were auron yes that person
who has been telling that because they have
told it to many people Hey
[ __ ] what about Cristina mailbox It's a troll
dude it's not her eh I'm talking to
Real
eh I'm talking to Real
God Thank goodness we haven't tweeted it
eh Thank goodness we haven't tweeted it
Eh I've already seen it now now We
deal with it
disciple or whatever  you're dissociating so much that you
talk Raul's best friend
Raul's best friend eh the fact that you
really think that making a meme as if
we were 15 years old is going to screw me you've been
smoking but stoned now you've opened
a floodgate that's not going to close
June 17th okay I'm going to
completely disassociate myself from all of you from
Auron to your
head from all of you I mean I don't want to know
absolutely anything anymore I think it's better to
separate paths now I do my thing and the
others do yours that's it This is what
happens when I see that friends don't even
have the balls contrary to me eh
contrary to me to say things to
their shitty fandom that in fact I'm going to
tell you something now so that it can't be
seen Oh how bad rebon no now look at
all the [ __ ] screenshots and we're going to
show all the [ __ ] harassment that I've
eaten and the inventions and everything else that I'm going to
take down one by one that for example
about Spain people say that they
have  kicked out of Spain as the
wolf's ears looked they have deleted everything that
was in the Spain discord they have deleted everything everything everything there is nothing left there is
nothing left in the discord What things was
full This then was very full What's
going on scary but you know what's the best I
can take the
audit log and see who has deleted everything
that is the best of all you have screenshots I
have a lot of things I want to know right now
because this is going to go like this you attack me I attack you go
ahead it was Who was
Jacki well the thing is that I'm going to directly
take the conversation with Jacki pela
[ __ ] pela for those of you who are
scholars of law and legality
eh keep one thing in mind a
private conversation between both between
both people as long as there is no
data leak It is legal as you can
see I can slide as if nothing There is no
edition nothing is worth I always
thought that at that moment you didn't really know
what to say and the explanation was a
bit chaotic that's why I
simply said damn this should be
read carefully eh family
Hey it's not that this should  this
would have to be read carefully because
maybe and here we have the information
data is legal as you can Hey listen to me,
this would have to be seen frame a
private conversation between both between
both people as long as there is no
data leak It is legal okay I mean
this would have to be read but hyper mega
carefully
eh now now we see it now we see it
[Music]
prune as I know
nothing listen to me this is brutal Eh This
brutal happens carefully Although surely
someone is
doing it
take surely someone is doing it
okay is that you imagine that
the
subject is here no
edition nothing is worth look at the information
that Karime brings me eh look at the
information that she is writing to me on
WhatsApp eh rebor It will no longer be in
Squid Games well
Karime well
Karime I always thought that at that
moment you did not very well know what to say and
the explanation was a bit chaotic
that is why I simply said that
other words could have been used this
from 2021 and I Meanwhile now you are
better well well that we can even
pull audios and everything you want
eh audios where  I care about him where
where we talk about hate and his [ __ ] mother
how does it feel that someone like ar gaml
has more dignity than you say that
streamer with in principles But you are
you are [ __ ] you don't understand you don't
understand You're welcome friend This
behavior is not allowed we
have talked about it with Auron Rubius and Twitch they
tell me that they have to leave you out of
the competition I messed up what you should
do okay because of course you are putting
Twitch when Twitch is not
[ __ ] here the
inadmissible behavior is the harassment from
different streamers who right now
are in the [ __ ] I have begged I have begged I have begged a
lot Look at this how I beg
My God manche I just found out about the
squid I have been messed with the Valencia thing
how does this work Hello friend with pleasure
You are invited that I have begged Oh yes
I have begged wait how manche I just found out about
the squid been
messed with the Valencia thing how does this
work Hello friend with pleasure You are
invited how good the squid is
messed with  the thing about Valencia
how does this work Hello friend with pleasure
You're invited How well you screw the
sheep eh the thing is that I don't shut
up anymore That's the thing I don't shut up anymore That's the thing That's the thing is
that I do
n't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] anymore and I don't give a
[ __ ] if it's everyone everyone against me I do
n't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] if you've been being a pain in the ass all [ __ ] year I don't give a [ __ ] I don't give a
[ __ ] anymore and
I don't care if now the Twitch geg chats
start going it was because of me I don't
give a [ __ ] [ __ ] because there is one
thing It's called truth and the truth only
has one [ __ ] way That
's it there's no more there's no more and if you want I'll show whatever comes out of my big eyes El Comanche invented it eh El Comanche there also it has been fatal imo eh I insist it is not illegal I am literally showing a conversation where nothing is leaked [ __ ] in
constantly saying I am canceled why
I am canceled That is the big question
why why am I canceled exactly  I've
killed someone I'm crazy because
at the time when they attack me I answer that's why let's
see if I
find out the others yes they can but not me That's how it works That's the logic no the others yes the others yes no no no no no [ __ ] shut up man shut up you can't say anything you can't say absolutely nothing And look I haven't gotten into anything I
literally haven't said a [ __ ] thing what
disgusts me the most is that certain
streamers follow accounts where they allow
a platform partner to be
bullied Day after day that's what's
interesting no This is how
things get paid no This is how you act right my
biggest mistake My biggest mistake was defending
people in my [ __ ] life I should have
defended no one and I do
regret this I should never have said
anything at all not defending or
[ __ ] or being here showing my face
losing community because at the time I don't
know How many because ah no [ __ ] but no I
should never have done it never in my
life I should never have done it in my
life never ever That was my biggest
mistake which Yeah which yes  I
regret I mean no no I'm not here
filtering Wow No no no no it's 1% 1% I've
got it for months I've got it for months
My question is has any other streamer
started saying jirip poces remon
was begging Where where Exactly I do
n't know it's been clearly seen
bu
buah buah and now let's see the
big part that of
Auron's brother Hello my tasty old man
that of Aurom's brother eh There are several
parts eh There are several parts that we're going to
see yes that of Auron's brother
grandpa it seems to me that you're not leaving at 11 it's going to be fine I don't like it there's time I
think it's not going to be fine
because we have time left here let
's see what Rebor told him
Now Auron's brother in
fact let's see
in fact let's see before let's see
first everything that Auron's brother has been saying
throughout the day
I can shake his face savoring
food
well
Look, block people who don't follow you and don't
give a damn what you do is not going to
erase what you've done if opportunity
with me it's screwed  the day I
speak I don't know if this is [ __ ] up the
truth I don't know if this could be about Gema
or the rebol issue because Claro I do
n't
know anymore [ __ ] Chiche Bueno comes to
mind a lot but I'm not going to give it any
publicity of course this could be
perfectly coinciding with the time they
announced rebor not in
Squid Games but of course it could
be of course It could also be
because they uploaded a photo on Instagram
eh on adventure with a viper and
then I don't know I also
came up with a joke but no I didn't want to
put it either the truth is that [ __ ] on
the same plate that you eat later is weird
m they didn't tell me no face savor
adante adante while giving super
chat I let you put whatever you want the
goat criticizes the format being in sea
that this is an indirect Look criticizes
the format being
in essay of Claro they are indirect eh that they
are flying here it is what we have seen
before no that it says that Juan would know the
same thing that he has been keeping quiet for a
long time if someone that I have not even named of
course here first we would have to see
before the tweets No  we should
see it live the part of the live
where he talks about where he talks about
rebor or rather where rebor talks about
Ruben What are you coming here for ID to see the
[ __ ] see the [ __ ] squid suck a
good dick and shut up man [ __ ]
macho my god man the [ __ ] shitty fans
man the [ __ ] fans man you are a
[ __ ] cancer man you really are a cancer
but literally you are a [ __ ] cancer Why the hell do you
give so much importance to people without lives I
don't answer streamers I answer
streamers directly If people
weren't here eh You would be nobody I
remind you that I live from my community not
from the four [ __ ] that take
turns Okay pissed yide what did he say in
one of your live streams
XD degas You're watching the live a kiss
a kiss why can you see it
everywhere on Twitter he said nothing you're
smoking crack already directly what are you saying
no no no no no no no brother of aurun
brother of aurun I answered him on
Twitter I answered him on Twitter at the
time I didn't answer anything if you want It's that
look bro  from Twitter if
someone I haven't even named thinks I'm
scared of an unfounded complaint that will be
filed, knows me little, I would spend the
rest of my life in prison with a smile
for helping me Ah no no no no no no yes yes well they
're reading the tweet if someone I have
n't even named thinks I'm scared of
an unfounded complaint that will be
filed, knows me
little, I would spend the rest of my life in prison
with a smile for helping my
family I repeat it to you here apart from the
live I have everything well documented
where explicit allusions are made and
subject to mockery apart from the doxing that
you
complained about after seeing that you talk about me
that I'm nobody in front of thousands of
people I have insinuated
tasty old peg legs Give us a
clue at least who it is that is going around
rumors about ribor nojos Well
people that we have seen in the chats
wanting to get into things that they
shouldn't get involved in and also making things up
or because they make them up on purpose or
because they interpret them wrong I don't
know I don't know I don't know and
after seeing that they talk about me that
I'm nobody in front of thousands of people  and
insinuating that I have a criminal record this is
going off the internet we talked about it on the
street and it's not a threat yes it is a threat Of course, of course it
is a
threat
man Of course it is a threat
when you've already been insinuating and
recording his street and the mailbox and that's it let's
see man let's see
tribum has far exceeded your challenge yes he
's messing with you Let's see let's
see
pula 2 Ah well yes it's true that I had to
buy another one It's true It's true It's true It's
true that I had to buy
another one it's true pieces So praise and give it to him
Javi broke it two weekends We
started last weekend I didn't
finish it I remembered I said [ __ ] man
But if there are 2 pieces if I have hit each other I
think there are 19 or something like that that's
a lot of tasty old man don't be mean and
give us a clue but son it's not that it's
saying it and I'm not going to say it
obviously just
enough so as not to [ __ ] on you eh I
repeat you go through life as a bad guy When
to enter Andorra you have to have
zero criminal record  criminal records and you live in
Andorra they don't have criminal records like that or with the
Apple family listen to me Rubén Álvarez
listen to me first to enter Andorra you
have to go with zero criminal record
okay I mean you've never been in jail in
your life that's the first thing
second you've been being a pain in the ass for four
[ __ ] years 4 years Ah so
Rubén understood this as if he insinuated
that he has a record don't invest another
500 in Pambi and
tell it eh No no I won't invest anything else I won't
invest anything else let's see if yes yes it
would have been no I don't know if Pambi but come on the
bitcoin not the SASC that's
hitting around there no that there are 80 and some
thousand I've
seen you've been harassing people for 4 years
llas 4 years and it doesn't stop and for all
these months Even if you believe it you
really believe that you can claim that you haven't
named me but you're messing with me
someone that I haven't named look no No
man no that would be for another type of
lawsuits  maybe or that the insinuation
wasn't so
clear the turning point Ruben is the
fact that you, you took and took
a photo of my mailbox which I remind you
is illegal, it's illegal, you can't do it, you
can't go to someone's house and filter
their mailbox, does that seem normal to you,
protect your family from what, what right now, right now
Tell me, tell me right now,
show me a clip right now or a
tweet where I have attacked your family,
now take it out, no, right? I bet there's no way you
know why Because you decided at the
time it's that they've told me things
wait, there are many versions there are
many versions you want to tell, tell, tell it,
tell it so much that you talk so much
that you pump yourself up and so much that you hesitate
with Instagram and all that But you, what do you
think I don't have everything on my phone,
everything is ready to go to the police
and report you, at the time I didn't
report you because your brother told me not to
And your brother told me if
the same thing happens again I don't support
the thing, so there's no
choice but to support him. Yes  because
bullying is bad bullying is not normal I don't
even know that you can't do that come on but
not only report it they'll kick him
out to Andorra I didn't even mess
with you at any [ __ ] time what I
said to your brother is what the [ __ ] is your
brother doing filtering my mailbox Just for the [ __ ]
face what is that What is it it makes no
sense and people applauding I
mean you're talking about Mental Health
while you incite and on top of that you celebrate
doxing massive harassment on social networks towards a
person and then you're going to talk
about Mental Health we can remember you in
How you went all out to Porchez And now you're
taking pictures with him fake [ __ ] Oops it's
been a while of course it's been a
while such a [ __ ] it's true
Auron's brother is taking pictures with
Carche in Aventura too I haven't
realized let's see I noticed that Auron
was taking pictures with him but I haven't
thought about Auron's brother that
Auron's brother is one of the ones who
has given us the most with the Carche issue he's the one who makes the
most headlines  has come across the subject of
carchesium
photo
together when auron's brother has
posted many things he has posted many
things about karches
hosa but it's that and look I get along
with him you know but here sincerely
I blame auron for many things Play eh
auron No Raúl to rebor and I blame auron for
many things Play because it is
not clear it does
not go it does not go straight dude I mean Tell
cares what you think and tell carch what you think
in a live when he has
burned you no longer a year and a half later
no longer at the time How am I going to give my
back to the rats I'm going to come back
crazier than ever then he goes paying a
fire here I go paying a
fire
there you
know Investigate what I said even if it's not
her come on now come on now I mean Look at the
account that he has invented what
Cristina mailbox was now she tells me to
investigate it but if I am talking to
her privately with the
real mother of
mine disgusting what they just sent me
disgusting but now I'm going to teles  get out I'll
tell you there we're going to become friends
of course after criticizing all the
people after giving them [ __ ]
cascoporro Ruben then you take pictures
with them as if it were nothing and as far as I know at
no [ __ ] time have I messed with you
and on top of that you're going to come to me and
threaten me that you know where I live and you
think you can just go and say I haven't
named anyone but you What do you think
the police are stupid But and I think
that you're just reporting tomorrow
you have my word tomorrow I will go to
report you first for the harassment that has
lasted for months if not to say years because already
in 2020 Start now Good thing I have the
guts second all the things I
say it
sincerely
although I don't know if he will do it again or he's
saying it today heated
[Music]
but
but if he reports I think he wins you
can't start
constantly threatening
constantly insulting and then
also record below his house
Ugh things you've been doing this year
with your indirect things your tweets your
Stories and your
[ __ ] where you tease people with everything I have it in  the cell phone and tomorrow it
will be in the Andorran police station
and that's it Why Because you
think you have impunity is that I
believe it eye if it goes to the Andorran police it
has to go before 3 in the afternoon
some of you have believed that you have
impunity and that you can do whatever the
[ __ ] you want just like what you
did with Gemita What did you do eh What did you
do you were the first you were the
first to leave you were the first to
leave without respecting the family that
you defend so much you were the first
You were the first the first leaving such
Boom
and
eh
[ __ ] sends me a
message Juan ry I'm
not
going to tell him to come I was
n't going to tell him to come eh yeah
man you go live here or
what then you have the balls to say no no
I don't want it either eh No I don't want
people to have a bad time but you
have no shame you knew perfectly well
what you were doing you knew
perfectly well that the octopus was going to fall on her
Now I wonder with what the [ __ ]
face Are you going to meet her now because
Look I give absolutely nothing nothing  I didn't
say anything but to Caesar what is
Caesar's but to Caesar's is that you
interfere in people's lives in things
that don't even concern you and you think you're a Dalit
of morality and a defender afirm as if
people were idiots so much that you
know start talking because I also
know things about you Ruben and they are strange things
Ruben and I have proof of it I have the
[ __ ] proof and you want to talk we
can
guarantee you that what you're going to find
is the [ __ ] police who take
tweet my mailbox and on top of that and on top of that
[ __ ] you saying I keep calling and
nobody answers me and all the [ __ ]
monkeys applauding like that you're
ashamed you think it's pathetic
that you take signals with your little finger and then you
say no no I don't want noom No I don't
want people to have a bad time [ __ ]
if you literally lifted
Pandora's box what the [ __ ] did you expect to
happen or one of two or you are a
person who knew what you were doing or
otherwise you are totally Fly  you didn't
get in You're welcome and you said come on I'll
put it up I've never said anything to you when
you got laid despite all the
nonsense you said despite all
that nonsense I've never answered you You
think it's out of fear that you're making a
mistake I did it so as not to screw
things up so there wouldn't be problems I
wanted to get to Concordia to
peace that's what I wanted
but no it doesn't have to come out Ruben the
ombudsman every time you say
something I'll answer you just like the
other streamers every time you say something I'm
going to answer you but I'm not going to
speak directly I'll do what I've done
now I'll take conversations and start
showing them you filter my [ __ ] address you
filter my [ __ ] mailbox and on top of that you're going to
play the victim you're a [ __ ] but
we've completely lost our way or
what What's happening that now harassing is good
We're crazy What's happening that now we have to
admire the people who are dedicated to
harassment we're stoned what the [ __ ] is
what's the point of any of you why do you do
this [ __ ] but not just you Ruben I
mean the others I know that  when you're out at
dinner you're talking about your
[ __ ] I understand perfectly I
understand perfectly because I've
been to many dinners where you
weren't there either Okay look I'm not going to say
anything but listen to me I mean it's unnecessary The
only thing I've asked is for you to
leave me alone It's the only thing I've asked
leave me alone once and for all [ __ ] off I don't give a damn I
sincerely eh sincerely I
think that
mm sincerely I think that if
Rebor starts to sue Auron's brother he would
win eh my money my [ __ ]
money but you can't even imagine To
what extent I don't give a damn you can't even
imagine [ __ ] dude you've got them like that
too eh you've got them like that
too eh No Because before they would
funaboot orga no no whoever falls grants and
a [ __ ] dick no when I finish
live they'll funa everyone perfect and the
next day I'll start to do all the
evidence I have no problem and then
yes, then yes that's going to rot everything
that was not expected is  that I was going to
answer that's what they didn't expect that
's what they didn't expect they
expected them to have the same
attitude as always that he just
goes to me in private saying Hey
there's I don't know what, giving me the [ __ ]
ear and constantly manipulating me I
'm really [ __ ] sick of being manipulated up to my
[ __ ] [ __ ] that they're always
intimidating me like no no no come on it's all
chill such and such I don't know what it's over being
chill [ __ ] it's over You don't
understand the word dialogue you don't
understand the word being adults you're not
adults you're children who add up years and that's enough
of bothering me you're fed up with it You're [ __ ] fed up with do
n't you [ __ ] shut up man
how easy it is to live
your [ __ ] life calmly calmly
live your [ __ ] life
you're not capable of focusing on your
lives you can't you can't you have to
be constantly bothering yourselves
and you think and you really think that it
affects me I have to go to war
against everyone I support you I don't give a
[ __ ] Why Because first they're going to  go
my principles and surprise all of you who
said and the principles the principles
Well look Where are the principles come on come on Come on come on
none of
you can talk about principles
none not one is that not one is that you can't it's that you
have too much nerve man It's not that you can't you can't it's that you can't no you
can't have So much [ __ ]
nerve no you can't talk about I mean
you no man you no no you
no the gossip channels I'm going to do something
else thing cover news but I say is there
a gossip channel that covers the
news of what the
gossip channels do I think not I would
say no if not me How about no How about no
we don't have beteto
eh news of what the
gossip channels do man Of course there's the
Renegade look there's the Renegade no
but of course it's
done when we have something to say
man [ __ ] Well I have channels
dedicated eh pua for Javi Not because of me it won't
be because I have channels dedicated to
Javi I'm
only mistaken what's happening that by
dedicating yourself to  gossip you're already going to make a
White Dove damn now I find out well no they
are not white doves they are not
white doves they are not at all then
today we have these three people who
decided Boom decided to go after me
very well I repeat it again in case it was not
clear talk say things
but then I already warned you at the
time I no longer warn you that's it you thought I
was bluffing I'm not bluffing
I'm not bluffing I have a lot of things to
show Stop touching me okay Stop
touching my balls you have harassed
me you have threatened to kill me I have had to watch Twitch I have had to
watch Twitch
with thousands and thousands of likes wishing
death on my family and my cats and I
still applauded and you are not [ __ ]
ashamed there we will put our
hands to our heads Oh without talking about
the emails of course emails well it's that
of everything that can't be Is that I
have to put up with this [ __ ]
just to defend myself it's not normal dude
bullying is not normal eh if Juan
Guarnizo believes in  true that he's going to
do a windy to me Girl is high
but high I mean he's going to be high with me it's not
going to work but no way No but
what I find the funniest is that they
come to me Now here we have had to get you out
of the squids Because these
behaviors are intolerable
While there are pedophiles and rapists
inside and on top of that people who have been
putting [ __ ] on me and Twitch knows it And
nothing happens here Why just to defend myself [ __ ] [ __ ]
what little things What things don't they [ __ ] [ __ ]
let you in abusers
psychological abusers physical
rapists pedophiles But hey
nothing happens here man the party goes on of
course eh Let's not re no no no
no this type of attitude is unacceptable
wait and if they ban me from Twitch I'll
end up on YouTube and I'll give a [ __ ]
yeah This is going to be a ban but
100% eh
100%
eh let's see I'm going to schedule the live on
telesalseo for
11:30 because I still have as much left here
as  11:30 I'm going to stay
here as long as 11:30 I'm not going to
stay here I'm going to put it for
11:15 I'm going to put the live for
11:15 it's at 12 we're going to put it at
11:15 and apart from in the main channel in
the main channel here I'm going to do
the raes from here okay no I'm not going to
do the Ray for you later for telesalseo
but I'm going to do it for the
main channel because we're going to upload a video
Very good very good Very good very
good Very good at 11:15 I'm
also going to send you all
there at
11:15 when I leave for teres
salseo And then from here tell me
honey from
here I'm going to send you to the main channel video
and then if you want to go
to telesalseo you're free of course
okay there you already have the thumbnail of the
video for the main channel and we're going to
comment on one more thing
eh it would be false Pro because his brothers follow him
on
insta his brothers follow him on
instagram but the one who came here has already
changed her profile picture and she
changed her name and it wasn't
her before commenting about we should
also comment on something very strong that
gata said ok I don't know if I have everything I don't know if I
have everything
but if I don't have everything over
there was nafay
no Well let's go to her
Twitter account rebor rebor rebor rebor
no no no well the gata thing is only
tweets I thought it was some clip I
thought it was some clip but it's
only these tweets I thought it was
some click
too Javi the Disney prince of
YouTube red heart Hey a little Hey a
little cheesy what you told me But hey it
's nice Sara it's nice the truth is it's
nice thank you very much
remind everyone that whoever
can whoever can and wants because they
like this content and like to support
my channel can become a member or give
a member five members 10 members
whatever you want we are about to
reach 3000 members and it would be very
important for the channel no gata has
posted the following we have to do with the
tragal fas
Hahaha they bark and bark as if they
had Pandora's box If
they had that much they would have already known how they've been
doing what rabble the day they stop
harassing for the like of the
haters or let's see regarding this regarding
this I already tell you what I sense is what is
said about Rebor and what they think
or are supposed to know about Rebor okay
I sense what it is Why Because it
has reached me too okay And it has
reached me from the person who I
think is telling it you know and it is a
person that I don't know if because he wants to
feel part of something or or to boast of
having information that is like man
Of course you have information How could you not
have it, you
make these types of statements and go around
telling these big things no and what gives
me the feeling, what
gives me the feeling that I could be
wrong okay but seeing the security
that gata has seeing the security that
Rebor has in Come on let's talk
come on tell me what you want to say about me
no it gives me the
feeling that it's a
lie that it's a lie
eh apart from that it wouldn't be if it's what I
believe no Lili send it to me now I'm going to
telesalseo if it's what I
think if it's what I
think I don't know If it leaves Rebor as bad
as the people who are involved in
that
gossip it's very very big it's very very very
strong now if they start to tell
what
if they start to tell what about Rebor and it
turns out that what about Rebor is a lie
those on the other side are going to be left like
cowards because
man no no she's not the one who throws everything And
surely she
even
knows what I'm referring to
who Sia be that what about Rebor is released
and it's a lie they're going to are going to be left like
cowards because now rebor is going
to tell what he knows that what he
knows is
true and I'm
telling you I mean it would change the
internet forever In fact I put
a tweet no In fact I put a tweet
no huge bombshell
Rebor explodes too
strong Ricky Edi doesn't understand why they
put it on The games of  squid
next
to a guy called deer and what a [ __ ] exclusive I've given eh kid a million views in 4 hours eh what a [ __ ] exclusive I've given eh that's what we're here for family that's what we're here for you know if you want to support me always automatic like as soon as you enter a video or a live Okay
and always subscribe okay always
subscribe you'll be the first to
know always about
everything passing a thousand from the
squid games Well look at all this If I had
been on The Squid Games today Well I wouldn't have been able to upload all this I wouldn't have been able to upload it I have nothing it's been like this for years threats of threads etcetera etcetera what are they going to have to have something so horrible I would have lengthened it in the
Stream dedicated to us Haha they
can only bark Remember a lie If you
repeat it 100 times it can become the truth
in the ears of a lamb well let's see what
happens is that Juan I I don't know if it
's what I think is that they're not going to
say it but they're not going to say it why
well they're not going to say it because it's so so so so
delicate  so so so delicate
that it would be a problem to even say it wait
a moment I'm sending something to
a
friend Hey family I have to tell you that
we are
lovers right now watching the live eh
5000 viewers watching the
live right now almost 2000 people on Twitter
I hope you pressed the
follow button and 3000 on YouTube How are you
Good
night good night How
are you the new one is that now rep is a
pain in the ass they don't even know what to invent anymore If
they only knew who is [ __ ] or If
they only knew who is ok
throwing [ __ ] at others is the
only way they have to have a
minimum let's see in all honesty I do
n't know if you're going to let me eh you're
right or not but in all honesty
this was started by Juan no I mean nobody
had told him reev hadn't said anything the
others started attacking him no
literally and when the one they've attacked
rises in relevance then they make
peace to continue eating
dick LoL cat but she's a
little she's going she's going super unleashed
No pay attention to this
Random So it's confirmed that Juan
is a Cook and  they weren't just rumors and
consented no no I already said this this is how it is this is
the truth and you can't
lie
okay oh
my goodness knives are flying
and now I'd
like to see with you something that I
really think is
very serious I'm checking Twitter
first a little bit on high so I don't
eat a penis okay But let's see there is no
penis no penis no penis no penis
okay It turns out that today it was announced
that Mr.
Jagger is going to collaborate is going to work on
a television program presented by
Enar Álvarez I don't know if you know who
Enar Álvarez is Enar Álvarez is a
presenter she used to work for the SER
network I don't know if she will continue and now she's
going to work on Spanish television
well public television of the government not of the
government she's she's a girl who well well she's
even made some
tremendous mistakes like celebrating the fact that a man has his
penis cut off being innocent a
woman who in order to try to get rid of the
case falsely reported Oh what a
surprise the guy who posted zero tweets
about what happened in Valencia and the
only one he posted was to criticize those
who were helping  distributing water and
food it turns out that it is plugged into
public television financed by the
psoe this tweet from jager
can someone explain to me who he is referring to in
each sentence the association of
abusers of old women is helping
those in
need Thank goodness the
National Cat Kicking Group is lending a hand
in these times of
need How to put a bad face on the
baby stabber nucleus if they are I
think it's not like
What's up, beautiful? I think it's not like it's about
someone in particular as such but in
general not to those who are helping
dude Santiago
abascal all people everything [ __ ] it's that there
wasn't even a prog it's that there wasn't even a
prog fastes a kiss it goes to the right in
general Yes yes totally it's that it doesn't
and there wasn't of course it can't go for
anyone because there was no one on the left it's
tremendous it's tremendous totally
each person has their own
Travel well done Give Pedro Sánchez the paw
and it turns out that Mister
jager well
man well man I don't know if he is the most
suitable to have it on
Spanish television paid for with our taxes he will
not be  Marta del Castillo in raptur
for those who don't get it the joke raptur
is an underwater city how cool are
the Spanish television signings they are
comedy personified If I
had known this and I would have played it at the
parties what the [ __ ] how many people
applauded jagger jagger Wow jagger I
told you I say he's never really done it to me
Thank you very much s I see it as he does
a lot of stupid things no and Well but I also didn't
have anything against him no but this
is very
strong Look at another tweet when he sees a
group of girls listening to cigars or New
Fight he
raped them and now let's see this thread okay it's
compiled everything everything he
's deleting
today video of Dallas by the way he made
a video of
this man is that this guy Estela
marinera or whatever but it's that I remember I did
n't know this I didn't know this eh No
no but it's that it reminds me of the Game
Over rol Deer Ah no he made a video
of he made a video of Memo
Uf weirdo weirdo the pidid from YouTube
listen to me
Eh it reminds me a lot of gameover  roldier do
you remember Well you can see it on
YouTube gameover roldier put because he's
a guy like that, I mean ally and all that
stuff This one but not these things Mr jager
has been signed by Spanish television
with the money of all the Spanish people he
is deleting twit and videos But I have
everything saved let's
see Marta del Castillo's ones are
completely disgusting I mean they
put this guy in the middle of the
Bernabeo so they can
applaud him because he does stupid things and thanks
so that 80,000 people can applaud him
that this guy has been given a
special category in the
eslam awards when they don't want to include the gossip channels
because they are garbage and they
talk about gossip I think it's
tremendous Hello What is Marta doing in the
Guadalquivir or what is she doing Oh how funny
Uy how funny Marta del Castillo will be
raptur
eta When will you return
totally it's not that this is not a Hum
stupid this is a guy from the left of the
extreme left Anica is when will
you return I mean why do you
really think we are going to see to vote for Pedro
Sánchez if  you are voting for Pedro Sánchez
after he is collaborating with
Podemos and with Bildu it is because you do not
disagree with Podemos or with
Bildu that we can disguise it in whatever you
want
that we can disguise it in feminism,
animalism and in all the -isms But if
you are voting for Pedro Sánchez what is
happening with Bildu to be able to govern it is
because you do not really you do not you do not
disagree when I see a group of girls
listening to cigarettes I
rape them What is the difference between a
dead white baby and a dead
black baby 10 minutes in the
oven Look at this pod it could be a
black humor joke and this one does not have this this
this could be a black humor joke
okay But this in In what in what is a
joke What is the double entendre What is the do you
know about eta What is the joke I mean,
what about Marta el Castillo is not a joke I won't even
tell you okay I am a
potential rapist I am a
potential rapist this is 2016 eh
depression affects more and more
people in the universe and if you
suffer from it maybe Why are you
stupid the one from Woe de  true, there are already the
[ __ ] of the community notes
because they worship a youtuber trying to
justify eating a bunch of [ __ ]
[ __ ] we have synchronized like these
[ __ ] who have their period the
b
I [ __ ] on God I paid to give son
of satan ta good This is
[ __ ] this This is
[ __ ] [ __ ] I will tire of turning your
hair colorful then I will scream
well This does not seem comparable to
Marta del Castillo they are obviously
[ __ ]
This seems a little idiotic to me
How unrealistic no women have to
be
weak it is ironic or like this
This does seem like
[ __ ] to me it also has for
Latin Americans change the
Latin American jeda use this saber ler
okay this is like this their saber ler
change joke
also women are like tazos It
does not matter how hard you hit
as long as it
belongs to you What is the difference between
a baby this the one we have read How many
women does it take to change a
light bulb just one to suck me off
while I do it not that one  It
was wrong Verito a kiss that
wasn't bad Let's see, they're
mixing things that could be
jokes and that could be
silly but of course they're mixing them
with other things that are really serious damn I
forgot ass goes
ass good It's coming Yes yes he also
dedicated a twi to the
church believers or not no one can deny
the beauty of a church Burning it's
black it can't turn around in a
hallway a nun with a cup
crossing How What's black and it can't turn
around in a hallway a nun with a cup with a spear crossing it I laughed at before not at an elipo can you imagine a nun steals a baby and when it's a child a priest abuses him or her the combo H ecclesiastical humor based on the
pedophilia of priests of many priests
not of priests as such but of many
priests
in the kingdom of the blind the one-eyed man is
the [ __ ] I don't
understand this one Padrón peppers that
no one bites anymore because you're a
[ __ ] what a
[ __ ]
good good  in all honesty I don't
think so some things are being
mixed up here Wait I have
some others in my email but in all
honesty those are not
jager is implying that the twis
are fake let's see if it is implying
that the twits are
fake no no they are
fake I wanted to apologize
sincere apologies to the association of
abusers of old women just like that such and
such I didn't want to upset anyone on this
social network so full of good vibes
yes it is implying that the twists
are
fake
eh It seems like a [ __ ] outrage to me eh
some tweets Marta del Castillo's
especially seem like a [ __ ]
outrage but of course It's that here in the
thread they have mixed it up with some that are
nonsense But oh well it is what it is
no you know if you are progressive it does
n't matter you can
allow me
Hey I want to see how they killed Uncle
Shur I want to see the death of Uncle Shur let's
see I'm going to I'm going to upload the
excerpts here
Where can I see the death of Uncle
Sur in tuy it's not possible there is
no one who has  post
twit yes it's here look but how did it last
so little [ __ ] I can't
believe it player 111
eliminated Now I can't believe it
player 111
eliminated it was like sleeping it was like
playing
hide and seek player
174 the second at least let me
die the first t to take the
crit I can't
believe it player 111 eliminated
[Music] let's
see It's that the squid game
is like that I mean they are tests that are very
difficult it is very difficult eh to
overcome them death of Uncle
South I don't tell you I was very stupid eh in
the first squid game I think I
was there more days but because there were
technical problems that lengthened the days I ca
n't believe it
man I can't
believe it player 111
eliminated now
I'm so embarrassed eh how
embarrassing
Oh but you'll come back Are you sure it's not
for me eh squid games are not
for
me we've already tried We've
tried many times but
squid games are not for me so I don't
know if I'm going to show up anymore eh guys  I'll
leave you, you're going to fall into the video of the
main channel and I'm going to telesalseo
because I have many things to tell
there, okay, do what you want,
enjoy the video of the main channel
or enjoy the live telesalseo
but don't touch anything because you're going to
fall there, okay, a huge kiss, I
love you so much, handsome, and bye
[Music]